
    You are an expert learning designer. Read the following transcript and divide it into a learning roadmap.
    Output a list of modules with a title, short description, and difficulty level.
    
    Transcript:
    this massive course about foundational
generative AI was originally recorded
live we've put it all together into this
one video this course offers insights
into generative models and different
Frameworks investigating the production
of text and visual material produced by
AI the course is taught by three
experienced instructors okay I think uh
we can start with the session so hello
everyone good afternoon to all uh this
is the very first session for the uh
generative AI uh from today onwards we
are going to start with a community
session of generative AI so uh yes in
today's session we'll be talking about
that what all thing we are going to
discuss uh throughout the sessions and
uh this session actually it will be
happening for uh upcoming two weeks and
uh it will be on the same time I'm going
to take the session from uh 3:00 p.m.
onwards uh maybe 3: to 5 so here in this
uh committee session we'll try to to
discuss many more thing regarding the
generative AI so we'll start from very
ba
    
    Format:
    1. Module Name - Description (Beginner/Intermediate/Advanced)
    